W 11398574 aal mfa (#218)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/include-reauthentication-conditions.adoc

Access Management prompts you to reauthenticate under the following conditions:

* If more than 30 minutes have elapsed since you entered your password, Access Management prompts you to reenter your password.
* If you have multi-factor authentication (MFA) enabled and more than 8 hours have elapsed since you entered your password and used MFA, Access Management prompts you to reenter your password and confirm the login using MFA.

> Each time you log in or reauthenticate, the timer resets. If less than 30 minutes has elapsed since you logged in, Access Management does not prompt for your password again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each time you log in or reauthenticate, the timer resets. If less than 30 minutes have elapsed since you logged in, Access Management does not prompt for your password again.
```

> Each time you log in or re-authenticate, the timer resets. If less than 30 minutes has elapsed since you logged in, Access Management does not prompt for your password again.

Author: ```suggestion
Each time you log in or reauthenticate, the timer resets. If less than 30 minutes has elapsed since you logged in, Access Management does not prompt for your password again.
```
